h1. Author Peak

h3. Compiled lists of the greatest fiction works of all time and their authors

The first step in answering the simple question: when in their lives are humans most productive?
It's a loaded question, and when you consider productivity versus creativity the answer becomes even more subjective.

To avoid trying to answer the creativity or productivity questions, I chose to focus on a list of around 400 of the 'classics'. 

The lists are largely skewed towards the Western world, and I had to leave some older novels out where the birthdates of the authors were unknown.

h3. Sources

http://www.modernlibrary.com/top-100/100-best-novels/ - Modern Library - both user and board lists 
http://www.modernlibrary.com/top-100/radcliffes-rival-100-best-novels-list/ - Radcliff 100
http://www.buzzle.com/articles/100best-books.html - Buzzle 100
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_100_Best_Books_of_All_Time - samlet hos de norske Bokklubbene i 2002
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulitzer_Prize_for_Fiction

h3. Notes:

I removed the following works because I could not find firm birthdates or publishing dates.

The Iliad - Homer
The Odyssey - Homer
Masnavi - Rumi
Bostan - Saadi

In the case of a collection of works or multiple parts to a single work, I typically chose the latest date

A Dance To The Music Of Time series - I took the publication date of the first novel "A Question of Upbringing" since it was a 25 year span.
U.S.A. Trilogy - I took the publication date of the Harcourt Brace collected publication 
Bone comic - Publish date of the first collection "Out From Boneville"
The Studs Lonigan Trilogy, James T. Farrell - date of the last in the trilogy "Judgement Day"
The Lord Of The Rings	J.R.R. Tolkien	1955 - Return of the King was published in October 1955

The scrape was largely automated, so some dates may not be the original publication dates.  I will fix errors as I notice them.

Posthumous publication alterations:

A Death in the Family	James Agee	1955         - Agee died in 1955, though the novel was not published until 1957.
A Confederacy of Dunces	John Kennedy Toole	1969 - Dunces was not published until 1980, but Toole died in 1969.

